You choose,
Do you want to agree on it
or go through a trial?
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about our divorce,
Aren't you tired of it?
I already know
why you are doing this,
That's enough,
Stop embarrassing our family,
The squeaky wheel gets the grease,
I know that you wanted to go
on a honeymoon, Let's go,
Let's go to Hainan, China,
Let's go in the coffee bath and palm
bath that women like so much,
You're really horrible,
Why can't you understand
what your wife wants?
You're getting a divorce because
you don't know what she wants,
You're not allowed to say
that just because you're a lawyer,
Even if this is your job,
you can't interfere with someone
else's family business,
This woman is my wife,
and I'll be the one deciding
how I will divorce,
I'm interfering because it isn't
someone else's family business,
I already clearly told you,
Ms, Hong requested,,,
that I help her divorce,,,
her awful husband,
Really? Then listen carefully,
I'll give you an answer,
I, Lee Shin Mo, will never divorce,
Over my dead body,
I'll eat my own hat,
and just die,
I will never divorce you,
Look, Let's just go to court
as we originally planned to,
What? Court?
Do you think the judge will grant
you a divorce if we go to court?
Why would you divorce me?
I always gave you money,
I never had an affair,
and I never hit you,
You need a reason to divorce,
- Did you do what I told you to do?
- Yes,
Here it is,
What is that?
You're going to turn 60 soon,
You stopped menstruating,
Who would consider you as a woman?
I'm still a man,
You're just,,,
a human, Androgynous,
You're an old woman,
You're so stupid,,,
and whatever your daughter does
is also stupid,
You should also kneel,
Kneel,
Did you record this?
Secretly?
I knew this would happen,
so I made her do it,
I made her record every time you
verbally accused her,
For evidence,
You also know, don't you?
It can be a rightful reason
to divorce,,,
if one's spouse treats them wrongly,
My head hurts,
My blood pressure is going up,
So you two banded together,,,
to betray me?
Oh, my,
I want to end
this as soon as possible,
Please register
a divorce settlement quickly,
See you in court,
Young Hye, stop,
Stop,
How could you talk so rudely
to your wife?
That's why she's divorcing you,
Did she really decide to get
a divorce?
Is she serious?
Does she really want a divorce?
I'm telling you this
for the sake of our old friendship,
It's been a while since Young Hye
decided this,
You have no other choice,
Just accept it,
Even if you treated her bad,
you can leave her decently,
Let's talk later,
(Episode 22)
Young Hye,
Ms, Hong, I have to tell
you something,
Ms, Hong, wait a minute,
Ms, Hong,
You're hurting me,
Ms, Hong, I'll go with you,
What are you doing? Get off,
I can't get off,
No, I won't get off,
- Mister?
- Yes,
- Let's go to Paju,
- No, let's go to Mok-dong,
I'll pay you more,
Please go to Paju no matter what,
I was here first,
Let's go to Mok-dong,
I'll pay you double the fee,
Let's go to Paju,
Double, Let's go to Paju,
Decide quickly, Where will you go?
- Go,,,
- Hold on,
I'll get off,
No, don't get off,
You can't get off here,
Sir, please take us to Paju, Hurry,
Why do you want to go to Paju?
I'm heading to Paju now,
Yes, yes, Please drive us to Paju,
I'm sorry for everything,
I'm sorry I chose you
for what you have instead of love,,,
and not having loved you
when we were together,
What a jerk,
He didn't love me
at all to begin with,
(4 years ago)
I heard a lot about you
from your father,
I didn't expect you'd be joining us,
What a surprise,
She's still a baby to me,
and she's my only daughter,
She's very precious to me,
I hope you understand,
I see,
You're very handsome,
I like handsome guys, so when you
came in, I thought I would go blind,
I think I even saw a halo
behind you,
Yeon Ju,
Keep your mouth shut,
Let me do the talking,
If it's not too much trouble,
could you stand up,,,
and turn for us?
Mom,
When you buy a bull, you need
to look at it thoroughly,
We need to be thorough
as he's going to be your husband,
Stand up,
I became a widow at a young age,
Do you happen to know if any
of your family members suffered,,,
from lung cancer, gastric cancer,
breast cancer,
or testicular cancer?
If you do, please let us know,
No, not to my knowledge,
Okay, Please send me
your medical license,
your school transcript,
and your physical exam result,,,
to my email address,
I have questions of my own,
Let me ask them,
- Sure,
- Of course,
I heard you live in Cheongdam-dong,
How big is your house?
I'm aware you have properties
in Gangnam,
You didn't take out
mortgages on them, did you?
One more thing,
Your daughter's looks,
Is it natural?
Excuse me?
Oh, my goodness,
I didn't have any plastic surgeries,
I just had a little bit of help,
Send me the certified copies
of your house and properties,,,
and your daughter's
yearbook photos first,
Yearbook photos?
After I checked them,
I'll send you mine,
What do we do?
It was nice meeting you,
Right, it seems you have
a lot of money,
so please pay for my coffee today,
My goodness, Mr, Lee So Won,
Excuse me, Mr, Lee,
Wait,
Mom, do something,
Oh, my, What a man,
He has strong self-respect,
It's over, In a few days,
I'm going to give him a white sedan,
Why would you do that?
He's going to be your husband,
He needs to at least,,,
drive a car
with the capacity of 5,000cc,
Really?
Self-respect, my foot,
He was really after our money,
I lost myself after falling
in love at first sight,
I must have lost my mind, Seriously,
Stupid, stupid,
Hey,
why are you hitting your head when
you were putting away the clothes?
It'll only sound hollow
as it's empty,
It's just because the more I think
about him, the angrier I get,
If you have the energy to get angry,
learn how money can make you happy,
Money can bring more excitement
and happiness than men,
It's much better than men,
The flavor of money,
The flavor of money?
What does that mean?
It means you should get the taste
of money,
When the problem
regarding THAAD is resolved,
I'm going to go to China,,,
and start a rental business,
That's why I've been studying
Chinese at home these days,
Have you eaten?
I just asked if you ate today,
Good job,
but you need to be careful,
If you pronounce
one of the syllables wrong,
you'll be in trouble,
Let's go eat lunch,
Welcome, Doctor,
Hello,
Where are we?
This is the clinic I'm going to run,
What about the other clinic?
I quit working there,
I'm going to start working here,
That clinic was nice,
Why did you quit?
You're only a kid, but you're
full of questions, aren't you?
Sir, make the hallways wider,,,
and get rid of the thresholds,
Don't worry,
Please be thorough
regarding the plumbing,,,
and the air duct
in the radiation rooms,
What is it?
I'm hungry, I don't want
jjajangmyeon, I want rice,
Is there a good restaurant
near here?
How is it, Mom? Do you like it?
This is the best restaurant
in the area, Isn't it good?
This is tasty, It's wonderful,
Don't eat this kimchi,
It's too spicy for you,
Is it? Thank you
for letting me know,
Ma'am, all of our tables are taken,
Do you mind sharing the space?
No, we don't,
There's an empty table there,
You should sell
as much food as you can,
Tell them to come in, Sure,
Here,
Darn it, Enemies encounter
at the worst time and place,
Why are you here?
Are you stalking Yeon Ju?
Watch your tongue, ma'am,
I came here to eat,
Han Gyul, let's go
somewhere else and eat,
No, I'm hungry,
Han Gyul, let's go
to another restaurant,
No, no! I'm hungry, Can't you see?
Here's your meal,
As long as you're not here for me,
just have your meal and go,
I don't have a single ounce
of lingering feelings left for you,
Neither do I,
Then I'll enjoy my meal,
All right, my daughter, Let's eat,
Yeon Ju, do you know
the movie director who filmed,,,
"Bus Driver" with the 10 million
audience mark?
He's a close friend of mine,
I'll set the date, You should
go and meet Director Joo,
- Why?
- Do you have to ask?
When Ms, Park from Samcheong-dong,,,
heard that you got a divorce,
she got good-looking doctors
lined up for you,
You ought to take photos
and give them out,
Is that so? How nice,
Mom, but this time, we need to do
check their past more thoroughly,
Please find me a husband
without a kid this time,
Sure,
Han Gyul, do you know
who the most pathetic person is?
What is it?
Someone who's
photoshopping photos,,,
because she has gone mad to remarry,
Don't ever grow up like that, okay?
Just like Yeon Ju?
Yeon Ju? Who is that?
Right, The woman whom I spent
time with for a while,
She's no better than dust,
You jerk, Dust?
You'd better watch your tongue,
How dare you run your mouth?
We lived under the same roof
for four years,
Are you trying to cause a fight,
you scumbag?
I won't swear at you anymore
for the sake of your daughter,
You need to watch your mouth,
It was you who started,,,
What is it?
What happened?
What's wrong with her?
She must have eaten
the spicy kimchi,
Are you crying
because it's spicy, Han Gyul?
Yes,
Drink some water now,
Water won't cut it,
She needs milk to ease the pain,
Stay here, I'll get you some milk,
It's so spicy,
Han Gyul, are you all right?
It's spicy, isn't it?
Eat some cucumber,
Try this,
Oh, my,
My goodness,
She's throwing a fit, My goodness,
Come here, Let's wash your face,
What kind of strange fate is this?
Why do we keep meeting
in the bathroom?
Are you mad?
No, I'm not,
Is it still spicy?
Where's Han Gyul?
Your daughter and my daughter are
incompatible,
Your daughter vomited on
Yeon Ju's new clothes,
I'm sorry,
Why did you decide to raise her when
you can't even care for her well?
You're just suffering,
Anyway, thank you for last time,
I didn't have the chance
to thank you,
Thank you for stopping Yeon Ju
from going through a hard time,
How is,,,
Yeon Ju doing these days?
What use is there talking about it?
She loved you so much,
Her betrayal is probably as
great as her love is,
I'm sorry,
If you're serious,
continue talking rudely,,,
to her to make her stop
loving you,
She'll get disappointed by you,
I'm sorry,
Don't eat anything spicy
from now on, Do you understand?
You almost ruined
my expensive clothes,
Is your dad doing okay these days?
What do you mean by doing okay?
Is he eating well?
He says that he doesn't have
an appetite,
He must sleep well,
He says that he can't sleep,
Why is he acting so pitiful
when he wanted to divorce?
Drop us off right there,
Get off,
Mister,
Goodness, this woman,
Please take me back to Seoul,
Quickly,
- Get off, Quickly,
- Oh, my,
Go back to Seoul, Go,
Why did you bring me here?
- Let's go,
- Where?
Are you really asking because
you don't know?
You're crazy, Do you think I won't
divorce you because of this?
- Let's go,
- Let go of me,
- Come,
- Let me go,
- Follow me,
- It hurts,
Bow,
Tell me what you want to say,
Why did you bring
me to my father's grave?
Do you really not know?
You're a bad daughter
that could never be forgiven,
You married
me after all that opposition,
Instead of living a happy life,
you want to divorce me,
If you want to divorce me, get
permission from your father first,
I'll do as you want to do
after that,
He already passed away,
How will he give me permission?
Lay your hand on your heart,
and ask him honestly,
If he says, "Yes, my daughter,"
"you only live once,
Do whatever you want to,"
"A divorce isn't a big deal,"
"It's something to celebrate,"
Then I'll divorce you,
Okay, I'll ask for his answer,
(The grave of
the late Hong Jin Soo)
(Are you here? Thank you!
Are you doing good? From Father,)
Father,
I will take Young Hye with me,
Let's go,
What are you doing?
How will you support her?
The day that I die,,,
will be the day my daughter marries
a clown like you,
Okay,
I'll get a job and support her,
- Let's go,
- Where are you going?
Sit down,
Do you regret this?
If you're with me,
I'll never regret this,
I can't promise you anything else,
I can only promise you one thing,
I'll never make you cry,
You feel sorry to your father,
right?
I have mixed feelings from
being here,
I was living under a big delusion
until now,
I thought you were nagging me
whenever you said,,,
you wanted a divorce,
But now I know that you're serious,
I'll try to change,
Don't you know how smart I am?
I didn't know what I was doing
wrong, but now I know,
I'll be good to your sister,
I'll also speak nicely to you,
I'll treat you respectfully,
Let's also slowly divide
our finances,
My goodness,
Think about it,
So Won just got a divorce, What
would happen if we also divorced?
What would people say?
We will be the talk of the town,
Ru Ri won't be able to get married,
So Won won't be able
to get remarried,
Han Gyul will die as an old maid,
I'm going to move out tomorrow,
See you in court,
Young Hye,
It's my fault,
Just give me one more chance,
Young Hye,
I will really change,
I will fix my ways,
You can never change,
Please let me live decently,
No, I don't want to,
I'll change,
Just give me six months,
If you're not satisfied then,
let's get a divorce after that,
Young Hye,
That's enough,
What about three months?
No, just give me one month,
I really want to become the husband
that you want,
- I'll become that person,
- That's enough,
Hold on, Young Hye,
We can get a divorce any time,
But once a family is broken,
it's over,
Nothing will change if we divorce
one month later,
I'm begging you,
Give me one more chance,
Young Hye, please,
Do you want me to kneel?
Will that satisfy you?
- Should I kneel?
- Stop,
Your knees didn't do anything wrong,
It's cold, Let's go,
Young Hye, you agreed, right?
Father,
I'm really sorry,
Young Hye, I trust you,
You agreed, right?
I love you
I love you,
Young Hye, I love you,
10 servings of pork neck,
10 servings of onions,
Garlic,,, My goodness,
I can't concentrate,
Did you get a cold?
Yes,
The boiler broke at my house,
Oh, my, You should have told me,
You can sleep at my house,
No,
I'm still a man,
I know, That's why,
What?
You didn't get the boiler fixed yet,
right?
No,
Tonight,
- come to my house to eat ramyeon,
- What?
I'll warm the house
and wait for you,
I'm a regular employee now!
Hey!
Goodness, Stop it,
He won't survive
if you keep doing that,
Did it show that much?
A lot,
A lot?
You know there's
a security camera here, right?
Oh, gosh,
She might have tried
to kill him once,
but she could change her mind,,,
after realizing that he is rich,
Dad, Your mother is here again,
How have you been?
Why are you here?
Could you step outside for a moment?
I need to talk to your father,
Be quick,
I really don't like
having you at our house,
You said you were raising them well,
Look how rude she is,
What is it this time?
I don't think there's
anything else you can tell me,
Don't you know why I'm here?
If you do nothing,
Kevin will win over Jung Hwa Young,
- Hey!
- Get rid of Jung Tae Yang,,,
before Kevin finds out,
Are you not doing anything because
you don't know how to do that?
This is the record of her crimes
in America,
Tell Jung Tae Yang
about what she did there,
Tell him that someone is threatening
that if he doesn't quit,
this will be disclosed to the world,
He's very fond of his mom,
He'll quit the company,
I can't believe you're doing this!
If you can't do this, I will!
Do you want that?
Listen to me carefully,
If you threaten Tae Yang
with this,
you won't survive either,
I will go meet the chairman,,,
and tell him how you've been
bothering Tae Yang and Hwa Young,
I'll tell him everything,
If that happens,
what do you think the chairman,
who is looking for his son,
will do?
If you don't want to get hurt too,
step out of this, and stay quiet,
Do you understand?
I don't have anything else
to discuss with you, Leave,
Leave right now! Go!
Let me go,
You look so much better,
You must have heard about the
rich ex-husband from your sister,
Get out now!
You shouldn't be too happy yet,
I'm going to make sure
you don't become happy,
Do you understand?
I can't believe
your mother is acting like this,
Stop it, The children are listening,
Where is my son?
I'm sorry,
While we were searching,
Go Jung Do found out,
He got the photos,
So you checked
that he's living with them, right?
I heard that a tall young man
lives with them,
How can this be?
I know that my son exists,
but I don't know what he looks like,
what his name is, nor how he lives,
I'm sorry,
Shall we bust into that house today?
Sir,
I know, I know,
That will end everything,
Just wait a little bit longer,
We're trying to find out again,
We'll get the results soon,
Do you like it?
Of course,
This is the first ring
that I've received in my life,
It's my first time
giving a ring to a woman too,
Really?
I told you, I never thought
about getting married,
So that means I changed you, right?
I changed a lot thanks to you,
I became a regular employee,
and my skills improved,
I became confident too,
Someone told me,,,
that people who are meant to be
change each other in a good way,
Please take good care me,
Whatever happens from now on,
whatever people say,
let's trust each other,
I learned this from my mom,
My mom told me to be
honest with my emotions in life,
So from now on,
I will trust myself,,,
whatever other people say,
I will trust my heart
that trusts you,
By the way,
are your parents
really getting divorced?
I'm upset,
but I think
this is the best for my mom,
But it does feel strange to think,,,
that I'll be living away
from my parents,,,
for the first time in my life,
If you're having a hard time,
you can lean on me,
I have more experience than you
on that,
I can understand you a little now,
I'm having a hard time now,
How did you live your whole life
without knowing who your father is?
I feel so sorry,
Sometimes, it's a good thing,
I can imagine him as someone great
in my head,
In the past, I used to imagine
that the police officer next door,,,
was my father,
But now, my role model has changed,
Who is it now?
You don't need to know,
Can I guess?
Is it,,,Chairman Kevin?
Can you read my mind?
What would you do,,,
if your real father appeared,,,
all of a sudden?
Will you meet him?
I'm curious to find out who he is,
but Mom doesn't want me to,
So it won't happen,
Let's stop talking about this,
He didn't look for me for 30 years,
He won't look for me now,
Who is it at this hour?
Are they here?
It's past morning,
Why are you still here?
I told you that I quit!
Why did you come here?
Even if you quit,
you need to take the adequate steps,
What steps?
By now, Dad will be angry,
and he would want to fire me,
He doesn't know,
Tae Yang covered it up,
Really?
He's so funny,
He doesn't have anything,
yet he pretends to be so cool,
That's why I fell for him,
He's a good person,
So go to work tomorrow,
and start over,
Everyone in the office knows,
It's humiliating, How can I go?
I will just go back to the old days
and live off Dad's money,
Ma'am,
This is your last chance,
The chairman is looking for his son,
If you act up like this,
you'll lose his favor,
Do you want that to happen?
Do you mean to say,,,
that he really has a son?
So please come to your senses,,,
for your mom's sake,
See you at the company tomorrow,
It's on the third floor, right?
Yes, it's room 308,
Are you sure you can ask her?
Of course,
I can't take it anymore,
You heard what the witch said,
Mom's rich ex-husband showed up,
And that man is the handsome guy
we saw?
I'm going to find him and warn him,
Not to get close to our mom,
They look like Hwa Young's children,
What are they doing here?
What are you doing here?
I heard you couldn't go to work
because you're sick, Are you okay?
She looks fine,
I'm tired,
Just say what you have to say,
What do you want?
Do you work at SC Food and Beverage
with my brother?
Of course,
Then you must know people
who work there,
Why do you ask?
We're looking for someone,
I thought you'd know,
You're wasting your time,
Why don't you ask your brother?
It's because he can't know,
Are you going to tell me or what?
You're quite the rude kid,
aren't you?
Tell me, Who is it?
Show her,
What is it?
I just want to ask you something,
Why are there
so many curious people today?
Do you have guests right now?
How did you know?
Children are at my house,
Are they Chef Go Jung Do's children?
Right, What about it?
How do you know them?
Jung Tae Young introduced me to
Chef Go Jung Do for cooking lessons,
Then how does Jung Tae Yang
know Go Jung Do?
What do you mean?
That's his stepfather,
What?
Is that true?
I'm busy, Bye,
Jung Tae Yang, I like him,
He looks familiar for some reason,
He reminds me of myself
20 years ago,
That reminds me his eyes
look like yours,
Really?
No way, He was so close,
Who are you looking for?
This man,
It's an old picture,
He's a lot older now,
but I've seen him at your company,
He's decent and handsome,
Where did you find this picture?
My mom kept it,
- Inside her necklace,
- Who is that man?
Is he in high position at work?
I'm not sure,
I can't tell,
The picture's too small,
Why did your mom have this picture?
If she kept it so preciously,
she must know him well,
Why would you ask?
You said you don't know him,
- Let's go,
- Okay,
Bye,
I'm sure that's Dad
when he was young,
Why did their mom have that picture?
Chairman's looking for his son,
Is their mom Dad's ex-wife?
Then the son Dad's looking for is,,,
No, No way,
What are you drawing, Han Gyul?
Yeon Ju,
Why is she crying?
She cried in the restroom,
She cried?
Yes, She asked if you're doing okay,
And she asked if you eat well,
and sleep well,
She cried because I said no,
Does she cry if you're not well?
Let's promise one thing,
You won't see her again, so let's
not talk about it, okay?
Can you promise?
Yes, Promise,
Mom, He looked pitiful today,
Who? Your ex-husband?
Yes,
He lost so much weight,
His clothes were dirty,
and he looked poor,
He's so picky that he never wears
pants that aren't ironed perfectly,
but his pants weren't ironed,
Right, His butts were
so wide and flat,
It looked like he pooped
in his pants,
He was so picky with food too,
He hated mixing rice in soup,
He must be poor,
He went all the way
to eat that cheap gukbap,
That's what I'm talking about,
Why didn't they just take alimony
when they have nothing?
500,000 is enough
to eat steak,,,
after opening new hospital,
Mom, What are you talking about?
He didn't take alimony?
You said he took it because
he only cares about money,
That doesn't matter now,
You're already divorced,
It's not important whether
he took the money or not,
Because that doesn't make sense,
He's so poor he can barely
make a living,
Why didn't he take the money?
Don't get it wrong,
It's not for you,
An old eagle is better
than a young crow,
Pride, Show off,
He was only showing off,
Whatever,
Why would I run into him there
in this wide Seoul?
I'm worried now,
Don't worry,
I knew you were going to be worried,
so I came up with a plan,
You know that saying,
"The best way to get over a man
is to get under someone else,"
What does that mean?
I asked Mrs, Park
in Samcheong-dong,,,
to make a list,
She said he's known as,,,
the best bachelor,
Also, his father is a famous
acupuncturist,
His mother rushed
to the burial site,
so she won't give you trouble,
Why would someone like him
marry a divorced woman like me?
That's your mom's power,
The power of money,
Sure then, Put it on,
You'll be shocked,,,
by his handsome face,
Hello, I'm Oh Mok Sin, recently
promoted to a manager,,,
from deputy
at Expressway corporation,
People call me Sir Mok Sin,
See you,
There's nothing better than you,
Gosh, Did she send the right one?
Mrs, Park in Samcheong-dong
must've gone insane,
Mom, I'm not getting remarried,
I'll live alone like you,
Ms, Hong,
Are you ready already?
Did you know I was going to
ask you to go on a date?
A date?
I said I'll treat you better,
I've reserved movie tickets
to go with you,
It's not the action movie I like,
It's your favorite
melancholy romance,
I won't tell you the title,
Go watch it alone,
I'm going to look for a job,
What? A job?
Why would you need a job
when you have me?
You asked me to give you a chance
for a month,
If you don't change after a month,
I'm going to divorce you,
I need to find a way
to support myself,
I'm going to be late,
Take care of your own meal,
Hey,
This isn't right,
Our first menu settled successfully,
We need to come up with a second
one, Do you have any ideas?
I'll make one until next week,
I'll work together
with Lee Myung Rang,
Gosh,
I came up with a theme,
Do you want to go sample it?
Really?
Since it's lunch time, let's move,
- Yes,
It's a nice company,
Someone might see us,
Who?
Didn't you know?
It's been broken for a while,
- Gosh,
(Dad)
Hello? Dad,
Where?
Hello?
The call ended,
Why did he call at this hour?
I don't know, He doesn't call me
during office hours,
My goodness,
If things work out
between your parents,
you need to come to my house,
Why?
I need to introduce you
to my parents,
I will tell them that
you're their future daughter-in-law,
What is it?
I'm nervous,
I've never met
my boyfriend's parents before,
I get more nervous,,,
when I think about
visiting your parents,
We should go visit my parents
much, much later,
It'll be hard to persuade my father,
Don't worry, I'm prepared for that,
Why did the call end so suddenly?
My gosh,
Excuse me,
I came to look for my daughter,
but she's not answering my calls,
It's Lee Ru Ri who works at the
Menu Research and Development Team,
Yes, this is the
I'm Lee Ru Ri's Father,
Hello, sir, It's Myung Rang,
Hello, What's wrong?
What? You're at the lobby?
Yes,
Of course, Just wait a moment,
Gosh, I'm going to lose my mind,
Gosh, Ru Ri,
You're going to die today,
Is the restaurant far from here?
No, it's just across the road,
Goodness, that surprised me,
That person looks
exactly like my dad from behind,
Why would he come here?
No,
That jacket looks like
the birthday present,,,
my brother got him for his birthday,
There are many jackets like that,
Let's go,
Dad,
Sir,
What,,, What are you,,,
Why are you
at my daughter's company?
Do you work here too?
Dad, it's,,,
Is he following you?
Does he drag you around
and ask you to date him?
Is he forcing you
to go out with him?
Dad, it's,,,
I can explain everything, sir,
What? You scum, You stalker!
Tell me the truth,
Why did you come to
my daughter's company?
I heard there are many problems
concerning dating violence,
Are you doing that? Are you?
It's not like that Dad,
I'll tell you everything,
In fact, we're,,,
Move over,
Honey,
I'm sorry,
I came too late,
Are you,,, Is he,,,
dating Myung Rang?
You're not dating Ru Ri?
What?
I,,, Yes,
She's my girlfriend, sir,
He is, He's my boyfriend,
He came to see me,
Right, honey?
Yes,
Let's go,
All right,
I'll see you next time,
Gosh, he's totally trash,
How could he date Myung Rang
right after he dated you?
Gosh,
Does that make Myung Rang
trash too?
She's dating her friend's
ex-boyfriend,
Stop talking about trash,
Why did you come here?
I wanted to see you,,,
and the company that you work at,
My goodness,
Don't worry now, He's gone,
Gosh, there are so many problems,
He has a really bad image of me,
Now that he thinks I'm dating you,
he'll think of me as total trash,
Well, it's better to be trash
than to be beaten up and die,
He's stressed out already
because of his divorce problems,
If he had found out today,
you'd probably have died,
But how would I recover my image?
I don't know, You and Ru Ri
are going to have to,,,
go through a lot of trouble,
Yes, Chairman Kevin?
Now? All right,
Why is he calling me?
Oh, my, So this is where you work
all day?
Is this the manager's room?
There's no one here because
it's lunch time, Let's go out,,,
Yes, I know,
His name is Jung Tae Yang?
That's a nice name, Jung Tae Yang,
Is he single? How old is he?
Is he a nice person?
What?
Yes, He's 30 years old,
and he's really nice,
Really?
If he's a manager at a company
like this at 30,
he's been promoted really fast
and has vision,
When I come back next time,
I'll have to see what he looks like,
Why?
Why do you think?
I want to see if he's good enough
to be your husband,
Oh, my, Yes,
You'll like him,
To me, he seems really great,
Stop, Stop, Stop right there,
You don't know
how to choose a good man,
I'll choose who you get to marry,
By the way, why did you
come all the way here?
I don't know
what your mom is thinking,
That's why I came here,
(Smart Acupressure Bed)
You should get a cover too,
Excuse me,
Hello,
Is this who you were talking about?
Yes,
Where's Mr, Song?
We had an appointment,
He went to Japan for
a business trip, He'll be back soon,
Take a seat,
May I look around?
Sure,
Look over here,
There's a wide variety,
Go Jung Do is
Jung Tae Yang's stepfather,
Did you have lunch, sir?
What is it?
I have something to tell you
about your son,
Does that mean,,,
you found out who he is?
It wasn't the investigators who
found out, I found out by chance,
Really? Who is he? What is he like?
Do you have his picture?
You won't need one,
You know who he is,
What do you mean I know who he is?
He's been taking care of you
close by,
Explain, Who is this person,,,
that I already know
and is close to me?
Don't be surprised,
This might be good news,
Don't leave me dangling,
and just tell me,
Who is it?
He is,,,
Chairman, Did you call me?
Show me how he looks, please,
If that's too much,
give me his name,
If it's that painful,
give this to him,
What's this?
Where did you get all this?
Your rich ex-husband,,,
paid a private investigator
to follow you,
Ex-husband?
You knew all along?
That SC Chairman
is Tae Yang's father?
That's not all,
I already know you lied
about going to a class,,,
and met him instead,
What?
Why didn't you say anything
when you knew?
Were you testing me
to see how I react?
How can you do that?
What?
Are you sure
you're not falling for him already?
That's why you lied
about seeing him,,,
every time I asked you,
Don't say that,
I met him because I asked
him a favor,
I asked him not to get between us,
and pretend
he doesn't know Tae Yang,
If you're going to doubt me,
let's just end it,
I've had enough already
because of your mom,
Is that what you want?
You're blaming Choi Sun Young
to go back to your rich husband?
Go Jung Do,
Stop it please,
What's wrong with you?
You tell us to understand it,
but you're always fighting,
This isn't family,
Stop fighting, Stop fighting!
Just one month,
If I don't grasp your mom by then,
she's really going to divorce me,
What should I do?
Dad,
Do you have any idea
how much Mom's suffering now?
And that she seriously thought
about the divorce this time?
That's why I'm here,
Then you must change,
You need to change everything
from A to Z,
First, start by showing that
Mom's not inferior,
but she deserves respect,,,
like you,
Goodness,
I can't believe I'm hearing this
from my daughter,
Anyway, you're on my side,
or I won't help you getting married,
Bye, Go back to work,
Dad, I'll walk you
to the parking lot,
You must be having
an important conversation,
- I'll come back later,,,
- It doesn't matter,
If he's near me,
you probably know as well,
I don't need to hide it,
Tell me,
Who's my son?
It's fine, Tell me,
Sir, I'll come back later,
Please continue,
What's wrong with you?
I said I'm okay,
Why would you hesitate?
- Chairman,
- Say it,
Who is he?
Jung Tae Yang's stepfather is,,,
Go Jung Do,
What?
If his stepfather is Go Jung Do,
- Ms, Jung Hwa Young,
His mother's beautiful,
She does dance sport,
and she lives with a husband
who is 10 years younger than her,
Mom suffered a lot until
she became this happy,
She failed many times before,
Wait, Then,,,
Jung Tae Yang, That kid,,,
Is he my son?
Yes, sir,
Tae Yang,
Where are you?
I'm in the parking lot
to go to the restaurant,
Come back now!
Okay, Dad?
Respect Mom as much as you,
Don't get upset or yell at her,
I don't want my family
to fall apart,
You nag just like your mom,
I get it,
Don't worry about me,
Go back to work,
At least pretend you're working
hard since you're stupid,
He's still here?
Manager Jung,
Jung Tae Yang,
What? Jung Tae Yang?
He's your manager?
- Dad,
- Wait,
Tell me,
What's your name?
It's Jung Tae Yang,
What?
You've been working
with my daughter until now?
You've been lying all this time?
I'm sorry,
You jerk,
Dad,
Sleeping lion's whiskers,,,
Whiskers, whiskers, whiskers,,,
Wait,
It's not me,
Domestic violence!
- Dad,
- I got it until there,
No, you didn't,
(Man Who Sets the Table)
Are you saying it's a coincidence
to open hospital on top of my store?
It's the hot place of Gangbuk,
My father searched
over and over again,
Can I ask you one thing?
Get away from Jung Tae Yang,
Are you his father or something?
I'm getting married,
I'm going to leave this house
with Lee Ru Ri,
You'll be my son from now on,
He's on a roll because
the chairman loves him,
I won't him to stop falling
because of you,
I'd rather benefit from my
ex-husband rather than living poor,
Your mom's real name is Anna Kang,
She ran away after murder attempt,
She must be punished,